This paddle sport supply store is stocked to the rafters with a staggering selection of everything you could possibly ever need to get your crazy paddle on.  Owners, Jeff and Darren, are friendly and quick to answer even silly newbie questions.
This place is a veritable candy store for outdoor enthusiasts, especially kayak and canoers. Really friendly and knowledgeable people ready to help. They have a huge inventory of watercraft out back, so don't get fooled by the size of the building or showroom. The building backs up to a channel that makes it possible to test drive a kayak or canoe. One word of warning - you will want to buy something, anything, when you walk in.
I've done quite a bit of canoeing and kayaking - lakes, rivers, whitewater, but, never actually owned my own Kayak.  I live on the Sugar River and was looking for a nice boat that had a good balance of maneuverability, stability, tracking, and efficiency so I could use it on the river but, also take it on nice paddles on lakes.The staff were excellent about helping me and very patient as I tried numerous boats, over and over and over, at their test area located on the channel between Lake Monona and Upper Mud Lake on the Yahara.  In the end, I ended up picking the boat that TWO staff people first recommended right from the start.  They listened to my needs, helped me extensively, and made some really good recommendations for selection of a paddle and other accessories.I've since purchased the boat and have had MANY opportunities to paddle it - on flat water, rivers, and some small rapids.  The boat has been great for me.I will definitely come back - we are looking at another purchase for my wife.
Great place to rent kayaks for a little bit of exercise and sun.
Amazing selection of product, and very knowledgable staff. Location is great because you can paddle right from the back door.
Stopped here on my way up north and picked up a paddleboard. Staff was super attentive and knowledgeable while helping me get correct board for my size. I will definitely go back.
Rutabaga, What is itIt's the ultimate personal powered watercraft store I've ever seen.  Gear, boats of all shapes, styles, sizes and pricepoints, clothing, even racks to put them on your vehicle!  They might even carry bicycle racks.  A word about racks:  There are A LOT of fitment issues with racks.  No salesperson can know all details about all vehicle fitments and your personal quirks.  Their information on many vehicles has to be based on product fitment catalogs, the same catalogs that you as a consumer have access to online.  Inform yourself and don't expect a kayakcanoe store salesperson to know all the in's and out's of your particular vehicle and how it works with a bike rack.  How's the Thule fit my 79   Will it squeek  Derp.I recieved total personal attention when I chose to buy a kayak.  I tried out no less than 8 boats to find one that fit me, my paddling goals and my price range.  I purchased a boat, paddle, PFD, and a rack system.  I was personally helped by various individuals to help me decide on all of these items.  I was helped to install my rack for the first time and shown how to safely tie off my kayak.These folks WANT you to come back and thier service shows that.  If it floats  I'm buying it at Rutabaga. They earned my respect and my patronage.Paddle on!
We rolled in a little after 7; they close at 8. I needed a roof rack for my 240; hard to find. Staff patiently went through options and brought examples out. We rolled away with a sweet rack setup and installed; a little after 8.  Couldn't have been better.
Baby it's cold outside. But I'm so prepared for snow it's not even funny! Now here's the thing...I was a desert dweller for close to seven years, so when I moved to Madison in autumn 2012 I refused to believe that temps drop as low as people proclaimed. And my first winter here was mild. Last year, however, was rough stuff. I remember being told to stay indoors and was warned not to go outside without my face covered by several reputable weather peeps. It was brisk... rull brisk. So this year I decided I was going to do winter right! And for me that meant paying a premium for a base layer (top and bottom) that I plan to live in until May. There are several websites that offer an insane amount of information comparing and contrasting fiber counts and materials and weight and oder retention, and then there's Rutabaga. Where owner Darren has his equipped team of outdoorsmen and outdoors-women are prepared to answer pretty much any question about any product they carry. And what's more, they've all been there... in the great outdoors. The gent going back and forth with me today talked up the IceBreaker Merino Wool tight and crew, explaining that to him, nothing feels better. (And he wears the stuff on the daily.) He also led me to another option, super.natural, which comes in at a lower price-point but doesn't have the fab feel of the more expensive option. He also mentioned that super.natural tends to fit a bit closer to the body. At this point it was time to try things on. And even though they have a generous return policy, I wanted to leave with something I knew I'd love. So I'm in the fitting room with both brands' top and bottom and just as described, the IceBreaker felt great but the super.natural fit great. And at the end of the day, knowing I wanted to take home two sets, I went with the super.natural for fit and price, and picked up a pair of socks to complete my ensemble. They carry Smart Wool in every solid, pattern, stripe and polka dot, and an interesting brand made in the US called FITS, which has a cool heel lock that's supposed to keep the sock in place. I thought I was going to walk out of there with some Smart Wool as friends talk it up like it's gold for your feet, but after hearing about the quality going downhill since inception, FITS is what I was feeling.I can't remember the last time I spent so much on underwear. I'm going to say never. But it'll be worth the money when later this month everyone else feels like a popsicle and I'm warm but not toast, breathable and not damp. Rutabaga also has a stellar selection of snow shoes, and I'm eying a pair from a company based in Denver that uses 95% recycled material to make a Cadillac-like kick. If you're not up for the investment, they also rent winter equipment, and a big part of their business is paddlesports come summer.
Phenomenal locally owned store for outdoor enthusiasts. I like to buy local whenever I can and this store reminds me a lot of REI but with the added bonus of being locally owned. I've always received outstanding customer service and found the staff to go out of their way to find a solution for me. I just finished my holiday shopping here because they have a ton of little things that make great stocking stuffers for anyone like balms, solar lights for camping, doggy gear, kid stuff, etc. I often like to gauge a business by the happiness of its employees and when I talk with them about working at Rutabaga, they never hesitate to sing the praises of this very cool store. Looking forward to my next visit!
this little place was great! fun day with great jet skis...the older couple is extremely nice and made for an affordable fun time at the lake. I would highly recommend giving these guys a chance! they have the trailer hitch if you need and include many sized life jackets.
The owners Chris and joe were extremely nice. They took my reservation without a credit card. I rented two decent wave runners for $125 each for the whole day. $300 deposit on each. Brought them back at 5.30 in the same condition I picks them up. TheY threw in the life jackets and a hitch and trailer for the skis. This really is the best deal in town and 33 minute drive to the lake. Awesome day on the lake
Best of the best. Awesome prices. Great running skis. Super Duper friendly as can be. Very nice, down to earth people. Life jackets, trailer, anchor, ties...everything you need supplied. I'll definitely be back. Maybe rent one of their boats. I can't say enough good things about this company...
Friend found this place for our yearly trip to Lake Mead.   We have rented from other local places and these guys are very nice and informal.  No long video to watch and we're not overly suspicious of us.  Skis were in good shape and ran well all weekend. They worked with us on return time.   Easy transaction.  I left $300 which I got back the same 3 hundred bills I left.   Chris and Joe are great and plan on using them on all our future trips.
Yep, wether you need  an anchor for that " garbage bag" you need to loose in the lake or a depth finder to catch the loc ness monster this place has you covered. The staff is friendly and know what they are talking about. I've been coming here for years an will continue to do so.
Stopped by to check out a GPS unit and grab a few things. I was greeted with a smile and Ashley the cashier was very helpful and friendly!! Still love this place!! Always a great experience!
My son and I rented jet skis for the first time.  The service was awesome, Ryan obviously has the details down.  Picking up at 6pm the night before for no extra charge meant we could be on the lake first thing in the morning.  We were done early afternoon (it's a blast, but 6 hours straight of skiing was enough for one day!!) and got back in town just in time for the 4:00 to 5:00 return window.  Skis and trailer were in tip top shape, as well as life jackets for no extra charge.
You're next long Holiday weekend....Instructions:- take your boat or hop on one- go to Lake Pleasant- Head to the cove- tie up next to the bajillion boats that are there- wear sunscreen- Have the friggin' time of your life!!!!Tips:- bring alcohol only in cans and plastic containers- you can't tie on to another boat unless you have a female in your boat.  ( sorry... all sausage boats not allowed)- extra alcohol and a pack of cigarettes or some nice cigars make your neighbors friendlier- don't even bother bringing your inner tube or wake board. this is all chillin' and boat hopping.....
Ahhh Lake Pleasant.  Soooo many memories, most good, some bad.  I have been coming to Lake Pleasant for many years, well actually my whole life, and I still make it out to the lake at least half a dozen times a summer.  It is a wonderful way to beat the heat and enjoy the outdoors.  We normally zip around for a while, do some wakeboarding and make a b-line to Humbug Cove aka "Party Cove".  Now, Party Cove isn't for everyone, it sort of reminds me of a mini Havasu - if you've been you catch my drift. If easily offended by the following, party cove may not be for you:T&APartial NudityCrazy drunk peopleBeer bongs & Jello shotsGuys asking you to flash them for beads.  Really  Who does thatSure some of these things bug me, but I'm drawn to the place. Don't have a boat or watercraft  No problem.  Many places in town rent them or you can rent from the lake.  They have it all - jet skis, speedboats, or my personal fave - the pontoon boat - imagine a giant raft with a roof and seats.  There is a marina with a small shop, in case you forgot your sunscreen and a full-service bar that serves food.  They are in the process of building another marina, I am not sure if it's open yet, but I hear it's supposed to be nice.  Memorial Day weekend is the annual kickoff.  I'll be there with bells on!  Join in the fun!
This our favorite lake on which to take the boat out. The obvious reason being, it's the only one on the West side. However, in addition to convenience, we love it because it is so large. There is plenty of room for everyone. So it's easy to find a cove, drop anchor and just chill, without a million people all around you.In addition, the main boat ramp is nice and wide, so there's rarely a wait, and there is plenty of parking. There is another ramp available as well, but we have never used it.
What a great way to escape the normal life and act like you are somewhere else for a day. I swear you forget where you are once you find a cove and jump in the water. There are so many places to drop anchor and have a nice time. You can rent boats, eat on the lake, swim, ski, jetski, fish, scuba dive, etc. This place rocks.
I was a lake-rat for many years before I sold my boat, got married, had kids, and so on.  I love going to humbug cove to tie up my boat and party all day long in the sun.  There is always about 40-80 boats in the cove with lots of beer and bathing suites....what else can you ask for.  After a while I stopped going to the lake to wake-board or water tube and would literally go straight to the cove on Saturday and Sunday around 1-3pm and stay till 5-6pm.  Then we would stop over at Top Shelf on 83ave & Deer Valley to eat and drink more.  Those were the days and going out to Scorpion Bay this weekend brought out all those memories so I thought I would write about them.
Very Peaceful area to camp. My family has enjoyed time here every year for the last 5 years. The water looks beautiful from the west campground. The sites have gorgeous views of the mountains, boats, and wilderness.
Sure we're in the desert, but guess what That doesn't mean we don't have some beautiful lakes to keep us cool! Believe it or not, before this past weekend, I had never been to Lake Pleasant. What was I thinking! I've clearly been on crazy pills, dealing with triple digit summers without visiting this lake to cool me down. Now that I know better, I am a new, improved and much more cooled down woman! Lake Pleasant is in the Northwest Valley, about 15 minutes west of the 1-17 and Carefree highway. Driving there, you'd never ever think a large body of water exists, but it does! Once you make the turnoff, you all of a sudden see a canyon with a huge body of water. It's a desert lake and surrounded by majestic mountains and canyons. It's beautiful to sit in the middle of the lake and simply take in the desert setting. We rented a pontoon boat from Scorpion Bay and boated around the lake the entire day. The lake itself is huge, clean and nice and cold! The water is pretty clear and I didn't see a critter once in the water all day. We did however see some interesting wildlife on the shore, including a pack of wild burros and bald eagles who nest here. We would also spot some lake fish here and there. Lake Pleasant is a perfect spot for boating, water sports such as paddle boarding and paddle boats, house boating and fishing. If you need to take a break from the lake, you can stop by Dillions and have some food while listening to live music. Some notes...where a LOT of sunscreen, especially in the summer heat. You'll find yourself spending most of the day in the water which means your sunscreen will wash off so you have to remind yourself to re-apply. Bring several floating devices to float in the lake with. If you forget, the life vests to sit on serve as a great improvise. I suggest renting a pontoon (the rental process was seamless), boating to one of the beautiful canyoned off corners, anchoring your boat and floating the day away. It's incredibly relaxing and a great way to cool down in triple digits.
My friend owns a speed boat, so we came out here on a Saturday. I believe price to enter was $8. It was a breeze unloading the boat and they even had a shuttle service to get you from the parking lot to the dock.The lake itself was amazing, alot of room for boating and just dropping anchor. They even hand you a map at the entrance so you don't get lost while boating around. It also tells you were "party cove" is so you can go tie up with people and hangout.  If you look around you can find spots to drop anchor and do a little cliff diving.I had a blast here and will be coming back. My advise to anyone going, wear alot of sunscreen and keep reapplying it.
I haven't rented here but the guys that run the place are top notch. I came in looking for a part to fix one of my carbs. Rodger led me out to the "Treasure Chest." After digging around for a few minutes we found what I needed and guess what, NO CHARGE!! Thanks so much Skiwi! These guys also put in quite a few hours at the lake and are pretty knowledgeable.
This past Saturday I rented a boat form Todd & Craig at Skiwi Rentals. I rented a 9 passenger and had a 24 year, 19 year old, 2 16 year old's, a 15 year old and my girlfriend along for the ride. We showed up at 745am and Todd, as promised, got us all ready to go and we were off by about 845am. The boat was everything we needed, was in great shape and riding the waves with the AUX Ipod booming away we had an awesome day going! Until around 2pm!! Yes I did the unthinkable, I went over the ski rope and it jammed one of the motors. After following directions and trying to cut the rope away it was just not meant to be so I started up the second motor and we started our long slow ride back to the Marina. We didn't dock until after 6pm and that's when SKIWI closes so I was destined to have to keep the boat for the night, with nowhere to park it, talk about a nightmare in the making!!!!! I decided a long time ago that honesty is always the best policy so picked up the phone around 615pm and called Skiwi...they answered and I told them everything that had happened...to my amazement Todd said "don't worry mate we'll wait until you get here"! We loaded up, stopped by the gas station to fill the boat and got to SKIWI close to 730pm.  Tools and razor in hand, Craig got to work fixing everything as they had it booked for a Sunday morning rental. In the half hour it took them to fix everything we got to know 2 hard working guys who plain and simple just do the right thing and make sure the customer always comes first. They didn't even dip into the $1000 deposit and my only promise to them was to drip off some cold beers this week. Their reaction, "don't bother dropping off the cold beer unless your gonna stay and drink a few with us". Folks if you need to rent a boat or Jetski, I implore you to go no further...These guys from New Zealand are tops and they give us all a little more faith in mankind!!!! Thanks Skiwi, you can use me as a reference ANYTIME and I'll see you later this week for a cold one!!! Cheers...
Skiwi Jet Ski Rentals is AWESOME.  The guys at the shop are super cool and knowledgeable....if it wasn't for them offering advice on where to go in Lake Meade I would not have had HALF the good time that I did.  Their prices are great and my jet ski was cherry.  I will be back the next time I go to Vegas for Sure!  Thanks Skiwi you guys are fantastico!
Good seadoo rentals! The rental was in excellent condition and ran great! Excellent customer service! These are honest guys with great personalities, who are always more than willing to help you out!  In a nutshell, I ended up leaving my seadoos  in Vegas with them for repairs instead of taking them back home to my regular shop in CA! Thanks Todd, Craig, and James! Skip all the other places in town for rentals and repairs, these guys know what they're doing and run an honest business!
I rented a jet skis  last week from Craig and instead of charging me a rate of $250.00 ea for the day he rented it to me for the internet rate of $195.00 ea without me even asking.That's not even the best part.After I got back we both noticed a couple of scratches and a deep gouge that was made by me.He could have really socked it to me but he only charged me $100.00 for repairs.He was really cool about everything and my guess is he even lost money on my rental.Craig and James were very helpful and friendly and i would highly recommend them to anybody who wants to rent a jet ski or boat to cruise on Lake Mead.They are totally legit and they go above and beyond personal service.Thanks Craig,I'll be coming back next year and every year after that.You rock mate!!!
I must give credit where credit is do... And credit is do to Skiwi!!!  We rented 2 Sea Doo's from Skiwi for a week the last week of July.  Upon arrival we were greeted promptly and with great courtesy and comfort.  After having us watch a safety video they took us out to the ski's where they were waiting in front ready to be hooked up.  They walked around the ski's video taping all minor scratches and imperfections giving me a sense of security.  Once we were done there we got our life jackets and off we went.Fast forward to the return.  When we arrived back they greeted us like long time friends.  They did the walk through and noticed that the hull had been cracked (after speaking with my son, he admitted that he had run over a rock).  They brought this issue to my attention, but also let me know that I had bought the additional insurance and that it would cover the cost of repair (thank goodness).We then drove away with 5 smiles in the truck and a life long memory of a great family vacation!!!
This is hands down the best place to rent watercrafts! I've rented from them a few times and these guys have the best customer service, best machines and best prices. They are conveniently located on Boulder highway, so it's on the way to the lake. Skiwi always has some special going on, especially if you're friends with them on Facebook. You can tell that they take extremely good care of their Waverunners and it shows every time you hit the throttle.
Rented two jet skis from the guys at Skiwi a couple of weeks ago. Customer service was great, prices were great, and the entire experience went smoothly. Personally, I wouldn't bother going anywhere else from now on. Highly recommended.
Quick and easy! Rented 2 wave runners- good prices- very nice guts- watched a 5 min safety video- even tho we have owned waverunners before- it was a good review for us- i wouldn't use anyone else to rent waverunners! May rent a boat next time- they look nice!
Great product and service from a pair of super friendly guys. We rented a 21ft boat with no issues. Much better prices than anywhere on the water.
Every time I go to The Marine Center, they are always courteous and knowledgeable. I have never had any problems with their staff or any of the service I have had on my boat. I would highly recommend anyone to go there and experience it for themselves.
I don't know how many of you have discovered Canyon Lake, and perhaps I shouldn't tell you about it because there are enough people up there as it is...but it is the best kept secret on the east side.  If you are fortunate enough to own a boat...going up this canyon is like being in a mini grand canyon with it's majestic views.  I unfortunately don't own a boat anymore, but must tell you it's worth buying one to get to waterski and fish on this resevoire.    If you don't own a boat, try Dolly's Steamboat for a romantic evening cruise up the river...they serve dinner, but you don't have to pay extra for it, you can just take the ride...  I like Saguaro Lake too, but Canyon is spectacular.
This is a great place to go camp or stay in the RV. It's very nice. The RVcamping sites are close to the water. It probably be a good place for a boat as well. I had a great time up there in the RV.
Statuesque Bighorn sheep. Eagles hovering above.awwww..Baby ducks . Serene Fishing. Camping nearby. Finally, pontoon ( or speed boats) boating amongst nature's immaculate cliffs; a piece of Americanas Grand Canyon right here east of the valley! we arrived in the early November month. Here the spiraling watr trails 2 all its cave inhabitants with people traffic ceased almost 2 a halt.A private escape, We ate drank n have been merry evr since !!!!  A rare gem in the desert called Canyon Lake grows Gods natural skyscrapers,BIG beauty ,hospitality ease, n marina affordability tht  will knock out its constitutes includ lake pleasant. Dolly steamboat, dinner, n tours adds 2 the friends n family adventure !
This was such an enjoyable place to dip your boat into the water.  Smooth water and spectacular scenery.  Wonderful day.   We just anchored the boat and jumped in to cool off every now and then.  Pack your cooler and just suck in some of the amazing sunshine and blue skies.
My wife and I love this place!  There's great places to explore and the best lake for views.  You can find more secluded spots or big covered picnic areas.  Just love it!  Make sure to get your pass.  You can even get it online before you go.  It's called a Tonto Day Pass and there's different types so buy the right one.
SO Psyched!   Bartlett  Lake is at 98% and is really FULL FULL FULL.  To think SRP was 8 feet away from shutting the lake down this past November and here we are water skiing and wake boarding with water levels like we used to see 4 years back!!!!   AWESOME time of year to be enjoying this lake.  Horseshoe dam is at 100% and with levels this high we should be enjoying a relatively water filled Bartlett Lake for several years to come.   It's a bit of a trek but in the grand scheme of things we should realize how lucky we Phoenicians are to have this lake and others (Pleasant, Saguaro, Canyon) here in our desert back yard.
Who says AZ is completely landlocked  So it may be a little bit of a drive, but going out on the lake is such a great escape from the crazy summer heat... This lake is not as crazy as lake Pleasant, and it's very family friendly.  I highly advise making friends with someone who has a boat so you can go often!  It's absolutely beautiful!
I love going to this lake, and see this review reminds me how glad I am that summer is almost here!  Time to start going to the lake again!!!  YEA and Bartlett is the place to go!  I love it there!
We spent a beautiful Sunday afternoon at Rattlesnake Cove at Bartlett Lake.  I like this lake because it's quiet, clean, and the views are gorgeous!Bartlett Lake is relatively close to home for us, so it's a perfect getaway on a warm day.  The  beach area at Rattlesnake Cove is well-kept with plenty of picnic area.  There were lots of families out but not so much that is was overly crowded.  The beach area is also very clean and spacious.  My 3-yr-old had a ton of fun splashing around with daddy and other kids.  Considering we're in the middle of the desert, this is a great little beach.  We'll be spending lots of time here this summer
I love to camp here, it is always a good time. The lake and surroundings is beautiful. They have boat in only camp sites with nice beach areas and if know one else is around, it is a good area to let yout dogs run and play.They have picnic areas for day use as well. SOmetimes it is very crowded and then the next time it's not, so it's hit are miss with that. Either way you will have a good time.
We had our family vacation in Scottsdale this summer and our day trip to Bartlett Lake was one of our best highlights! We rented a Platoon boat all day and a jet ski for half a day. Both water toys were is great working order and condition. The people at the rental shop were so nice. They went out of their way to make our trip a great one. They even gave us a boat upgrade because when my son noticed their no glass bottle rule we complied by removing our glass beer bottles from our ice chest. They even held them for us in the back and we took them when we left. I love it also they had plenty of large wheel barrels by parking to help us carry our personnel items to he dock and back to the car afterwards. Bathrooms were clean in the store and they had a decent selection of items needed for a day in the beach including beer in cans! Lake was almost empty for boating on the Monday we went. Water was clean. Lots of coves to play in. The temperature in the water varied but was warm unless you went out where it was deep. Can't wait to come back here to this location.
Super service.  Great addition to a Phoenix area vacation.  Had a small glitch on the website (who knows could've been my 'puter).  Phoned to check it out and got a call back in 10 mins of leaving a message saying "don't worry about it, we'll take care of you".....and they did.  Nice people, nice lake, equipment a little worn but functioned great.  Definitely recommended.
The breakfast crepes with the soytang sauce are enough to drag me out of bed on the weekend that's how good they are.   And let's not even talk about all the sweet crepes full of chocolately goodness that you can order.
Ham and cheese crepe with bechamel sauce, side salad with a tangy champagne vinaigrette and mandarins on top. Add to a perfect cup of hot chocolate or orangina, and it's the most delicious breakfastbrunch meal you could imagine. As a Pittsburgher for 5 years, I spent much of my 2 years in Shadyside as a regular here - often taking new people and having large brunches with friends and students. When going, keep in mind you'll be waiting in a line to order- the line does pause until more tables open up, so be patient. It is quick though and WELL worth the wait!
